xcode-select: add page (#3807)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/xcode-select.md

# xcode-select

> Switch between different versions of Xcode and the included developer tools.
> Also used to update the path to Xcode if it is moved after installation.

- Install Xcode's command line tools:

`xcode-select --install`

> - Select a given path as the active developer directory."

Reviewer: Actually, I just noticed something here: 
```suggestion
- Select a given path as the active developer directory.
```

Can you please apply that change?

Author: Boom, done.

> - Select {{/path/to/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer}} as the active developer directory."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select a given path as the active developer directory."
```

> `xcode-select -s {{/path/to/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`xcode-select -s {{/path/to/directory}`
```

Author: Per #6 on [this page,](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/master/contributing-guides/style-guide.md) an actual example makes more sense here. I cannot image a scenario where you would not end that path with either `Xcode.app` or `Xcode.app/Contents/Developer`. I'm not even sure it's possible to use a path that _doesn't_ fall under some `Xcode.app`.

Thoughts?

Author: cc @zdroid

Author: cc @zdroid

Reviewer 2: I'm neutral on this, but maybe the one suggested by @schneiderl is more in line with the rest of the project.

Author: Maybe I should specify in the description that this should be a path to an `Xcode.app`, because it should be

Reviewer 3: I think I'm with @NSExceptional on this one. If this is the commonly used directly, then we should keep it as-is.

Author: Cool, cool. Which leading slash? Did you mean `/path/to...` → `path/to...`?

Reviewer 3: Yep, that's the one @NSExceptional :D

(Also, @github it would be very nice if it actually prompted for relevant usernames when I type `@`.....)

Author: Alright, good to go then! All the fixes are in the initial commit, which I force-pushed. Ready to merge if that's all.

> - Same as above, but the developer directory is automatically inferred:

Reviewer: I'm unsure on how to phrase this better but I think we should explicitly say what the command does instead of forcing the user to read the previous example.

Author: Sure, alright. I just shortened it from what the man page says. It says this:

```man
As above, selects /Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer
as the active developer directory. The Developer content directory
is automatically inferred by xcode-select.
```

Hows that?
